[release/public-v3.0.0] Final Updates to Release Branch (#1263)
ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app: doc/UsersGuide/BackgroundInfo/Components.rst

Model Physics
---------------

> The Common Community Physics Package (CCPP), described `here <https://dtcenter.org/community-code/common-community-physics-package-ccpp>`_, supports interoperable atmospheric physics and land surface model options. Atmospheric physics are a set of numerical methods describing small-scale processes such as clouds, turbulence, radiation, and their interactions. The most recent SRW App release (|latestr|) included six supported physics suites: FV3_GFS_v16, FV3_WoFS_v0, FV3_HRRR, FV3_HRRR_gf, RRFS_sas, and FV3_RAP. The FV3_GFS_v16 is an updated version of the physics suite used in the operational Global Forecast System (GFS) v16. A detailed list of CCPP updates since the SRW App v2.2.0 release is available :ref:`here <CCPPUpdates>`. A full scientific description of CCPP parameterizations and suites can be found in the `CCPP Scientific Documentation < https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/UFS_SRW_App_v3.0.0/sci_doc/index.html >`_, and CCPP technical aspects are described in the :doc:`CCPP Technical Documentation <ccpp-techdoc:index>`. The model namelist has many settings beyond the physics options that can optimize various aspects of the model for use with each of the supported suites. Additional information on Stochastic Physics options is available :doc:`here <stochphys:index>`. 

Reviewer: The CCPP Scientific Documentation is failing in the `doc_tests` GitHub Action due to extra spaces between < and >.

```suggestion
The Common Community Physics Package (CCPP), described `here <https://dtcenter.org/community-code/common-community-physics-package-ccpp>`_, supports interoperable atmospheric physics and land surface model options. Atmospheric physics are a set of numerical methods describing small-scale processes such as clouds, turbulence, radiation, and their interactions. The most recent SRW App release (|latestr|) included six supported physics suites: FV3_GFS_v16, FV3_WoFS_v0, FV3_HRRR, FV3_HRRR_gf, RRFS_sas, and FV3_RAP. The FV3_GFS_v16 is an updated version of the physics suite used in the operational Global Forecast System (GFS) v16. A detailed list of CCPP updates since the SRW App v2.2.0 release is available :ref:`here <CCPPUpdates>`. A full scientific description of CCPP parameterizations and suites can be found in the `CCPP Scientific Documentation <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/UFS_SRW_App_v3.0.0/sci_doc/index.html>`_, and CCPP technical aspects are described in the :doc:`CCPP Technical Documentation <ccpp-techdoc:index>`. The model namelist has many settings beyond the physics options that can optimize various aspects of the model for use with each of the supported suites. Additional information on Stochastic Physics options is available :doc:`here <stochphys:index>`. 
```

> The Common Community Physics Package (CCPP), described `here <https://dtcenter.org/community-code/common-community-physics-package-ccpp>`_, supports interoperable atmospheric physics and land surface model options. Atmospheric physics are a set of numerical methods describing small-scale processes such as clouds, turbulence, radiation, and their interactions. The most recent SRW App release (|latestr|) included five supported physics suites: FV3_GFS_v16, FV3_WoFS_v0, FV3_HRRR, FV3_HRRR_gf, RRFS_sas, and FV3_RAP. The FV3_GFS_v16 is an updated version of the physics suite used in the operational Global Forecast System (GFS) v16. A detailed list of CCPP updates since the SRW App v2.2.0 release is available :ref:`here <CCPPUpdates>`. A full scientific description of CCPP parameterizations and suites can be found in the `CCPP Scientific Documentation < https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/UFS_SRW_App_v3.0.0/sci_doc/index.html >`_, and CCPP technical aspects are described in the :doc:`CCPP Technical Documentation <ccpp-techdoc:index>`. The model namelist has many settings beyond the physics options that can optimize various aspects of the model for use with each of the supported suites. Additional information on Stochastic Physics options is available :doc:`here <stochphys:index>`. 

Reviewer: six rather than five:

```suggestion
The Common Community Physics Package (CCPP), described `here <https://dtcenter.org/community-code/common-community-physics-package-ccpp>`_, supports interoperable atmospheric physics and land surface model options. Atmospheric physics are a set of numerical methods describing small-scale processes such as clouds, turbulence, radiation, and their interactions. The most recent SRW App release (|latestr|) included six supported physics suites: FV3_GFS_v16, FV3_WoFS_v0, FV3_HRRR, FV3_HRRR_gf, RRFS_sas, and FV3_RAP. The FV3_GFS_v16 is an updated version of the physics suite used in the operational Global Forecast System (GFS) v16. A detailed list of CCPP updates since the SRW App v2.2.0 release is available :ref:`here <CCPPUpdates>`. A full scientific description of CCPP parameterizations and suites can be found in the `CCPP Scientific Documentation < https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/UFS_SRW_App_v3.0.0/sci_doc/index.html >`_, and CCPP technical aspects are described in the :doc:`CCPP Technical Documentation <ccpp-techdoc:index>`. The model namelist has many settings beyond the physics options that can optimize various aspects of the model for use with each of the supported suites. Additional information on Stochastic Physics options is available :doc:`here <stochphys:index>`. 
```

> The Common Community Physics Package (CCPP), described `here <https://dtcenter.org/community-code/common-community-physics-package-ccpp>`_, supports interoperable atmospheric physics and land surface model options. Atmospheric physics are a set of numerical methods describing small-scale processes such as clouds, turbulence, radiation, and their interactions. The most recent SRW App release (|latestr|) included five supported physics suites: FV3_RRFS_v1beta, FV3_GFS_v16, FV3_WoFS_v0, FV3_HRRR, and FV3_RAP. The FV3_RRFS_v1beta physics suite is being tested for use in the future operational implementation of the Rapid Refresh Forecast System (:term:`RRFS`) planned for 2023-2024, and the FV3_GFS_v16 is an updated version of the physics suite used in the operational Global Forecast System (GFS) v16. A detailed list of CCPP updates since the SRW App v2.2.0 release is available :ref:`here <CCPPUpdates>`. A full scientific description of CCPP parameterizations and suites can be found in the `CCPP Scientific Documentation <https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/UFS_SRW_App_v2.2.0/sci_doc/index.html>`_, and CCPP technical aspects are described in the :doc:`CCPP Technical Documentation <ccpp-techdoc:index>`. The model namelist has many settings beyond the physics options that can optimize various aspects of the model for use with each of the supported suites. Additional information on Stochastic Physics options is available :doc:`here <stochphys:index>`. 

Reviewer: The supported physics suites are FV3_GFS_v16, FV3_HRRR, FV3_HRRR_gf, RRFS_sas, FV3_WoFS_v0, and FV3_RAP.  FV3_RRFS_v1beta has been superseded by RRFS_sas.  The CCPP Scientific Documentation needs to be updated to https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/UFS_SRW_App_v3.0.0/sci_doc/index.html.

```suggestion
The Common Community Physics Package (CCPP), described `here <https://dtcenter.org/community-code/common-community-physics-package-ccpp>`_, supports interoperable atmospheric physics and land surface model options. Atmospheric physics are a set of numerical methods describing small-scale processes such as clouds, turbulence, radiation, and their interactions. The most recent SRW App release (|latestr|) included five supported physics suites: FV3_GFS_v16, FV3_WoFS_v0, FV3_HRRR, FV3_HRRR_gf, RRFS_sas, and FV3_RAP. The FV3_GFS_v16 is an updated version of the physics suite used in the operational Global Forecast System (GFS) v16. A detailed list of CCPP updates since the SRW App v2.2.0 release is available :ref:`here <CCPPUpdates>`. A full scientific description of CCPP parameterizations and suites can be found in the `CCPP Scientific Documentation < https://dtcenter.ucar.edu/GMTB/UFS_SRW_App_v3.0.0/sci_doc/index.html >`_, and CCPP technical aspects are described in the :doc:`CCPP Technical Documentation <ccpp-techdoc:index>`. The model namelist has many settings beyond the physics options that can optimize various aspects of the model for use with each of the supported suites. Additional information on Stochastic Physics options is available :doc:`here <stochphys:index>`. 
```
